This report contains the graphics created using Power Bi software and a brief explanation of the purpose of each visual. This is a relative small-scale analysis, 
intended to showcase the trend and regional concentration of startups in USA. The purpose of the project was to show how PowerBi can be utilized for geo-specific 
as well as metric illustrations. 

ABOUT THE DATA

               The dataset used for this analysis is “StartupExpansionData.xlsx” which contains the information of about the concentration of startups 
               in different regions in USA, the income generated by each firm, their marketing expenditure, location. It has 150 rows and 7 columns with no
               missing values or predominant outliers.

DATA PROCESSING 

           The original data has information about the income generated by each store and the marketing expenditure they made. Now dividing “Revenue generated” by the
           “marketing expenditure” gives the ratio: Marketing Rate of Interest’
                                              Markeing ROI=Revenue/(Market Spend)
           Marketing ROI measures the revenue generated by per unit marketing expenditure. For ease of analysis, “Marketing ROI” is scaled using Z- score 
           standardization. So, we have 2 additional columns, “Marketing ROI “and “Scaled Marketing ROI”. Thus, the new dimension of our data is 150 rows and 9 columns. 
           All the metric calculations were done in PowerBi. 



DASHBOARD          

https://app.powerbi.com/groups/me/reports/88f09440-cc50-46fa-99d8-0763769350a3/ReportSection2314907300477bb96b89
